exampleSite/content/accessibility.md, before:

+++
title = "Accessibility"
author = "Daniel F. Dickinson"
date = "2021-10-15T05:57:11Z"
publishDate = "2021-10-15T05:57:11Z"
+++

## Statement

[Daniel F. Dickinson](https://www.wildtechgarden.ca/about/) makes his best
effort to keep this site accessible and inclusive. If you find something that
does not meet that goal, please use the [contact form on his main
site](https://wildtechgarden.ca/about/contact/) to let him know.

## Goals

Over time the intent is move the images (at least) on this site to a
'Universal Design' principle instead of using well-meant tools that create
different experiences for users facing barriers versus those who are not. For
example: 'alt' tags often contain information that would be of interest to a
sighted user if written well, and by the same token are often not written well
because of the 'out of sight, out of mind' effect. As such, good captions create
a better experience for all compared to 'alt' tags.

Obviously there is a lot of work to do on this site, in that respect.

A more difficult challenge is to use language that is less complex, while saying
everything I want to say. That is a longer term project.

## Navigation notes

[We never open links in new tabs, use "Open link in new tab" in your browser if
you want that](https://www.wildtechgarden.ca/blog/accessible-design-no-blank/).
([#dontbreakthebackbutton](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/?keywords=dontbreakthebackbutton))

Commit message:

Tweak accessibility page and add README CI status badge
Signed-off-by: Daniel F. Dickinson <dfdpublic@wildtechgarden.ca>

exampleSite/content/accessibility.md, after:

+++
title = "Accessibility"
author = "Daniel F. Dickinson"
date = "2021-10-15T05:57:11Z"
publishDate = "2021-10-15T05:57:11Z"
pageCanonical = false
toCanonical = "https://www.wildtechgarden.ca/about/accessibility/"
+++

## Statement

[Daniel F. Dickinson](https://www.wildtechgarden.ca/about/) makes his best
effort to keep this site accessible and inclusive. If you find something that
does not meet that goal, please use the [contact form on his main
site](https://wildtechgarden.ca/about/contact/) to let him know.

## Goals

Over time the intent is move the images (at least) on this site to a
'Universal Design' principle instead of using well-meant tools that create
different experiences for users facing barriers versus those who are not. For
example: 'alt' tags often contain information that would be of interest to a
sighted user if written well, and by the same token are often not written well
because of the 'out of sight, out of mind' effect. As such, good captions create
a better experience for all compared to 'alt' tags.

Obviously there is a lot of work to do on this site, in that respect.

A more difficult challenge is to use language that is less complex, while saying
everything relevant that there is to say. That is a longer term project.

## Navigation notes

[We never open links in new tabs, use the "Open link in new tab" function of
your browser if you want
that](https://www.wildtechgarden.ca/blog/accessible-design-no-blank/).
([#dontbreakthebackbutton](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/?keywords=dontbreakthebackbutton))
